The Best Premium Cases for the iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 ProStarting this year, Apple will no longer make their signature leather cases for iPhones. Instead, the company launched a fabric-based alternative called FineWoven. These cases still cost $59, and based on reviews, they range from “okay,” to “terrible.” The ne…Apple discontinues the iPhone 13 mini, its last small phone worth owningThe writing was on the wall for the iPhone mini series last year, when Apple went to a bigger Plus size of the iPhone 14 instead of the mini model it offered for the iPhone 12 and 13. But now, Apple has discontinued the iPhone 13 mini entirely, a tough blow f…How to Preorder the iPhone 15 for Launch DayNow that Apple’s Wonderlust event is officially over, all four models of the iPhone 15 series will soon be able to preorder. If you’re interested in picking up an iPhone 15 or 15 Plus, or splurging for one of the 15 Pros, here’s how to make sure you order you…Apple iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Pro: Specs, Price, Release DateSay goodbye to the mute switch and the Lightning port. The new iPhone 15 lineup packs USB-C, but it's the Pro models that have the spotlight.This Hidden iPhone 15 Setting Can Save Your BatteryA declining battery lifespan often forces people to consider upgrading their iPhones. To be clear, there’s nothing anyone can do to stop battery aging entirely. However, over the years, Apple has been adding features that help reduce its impact. The latest to…The Most Interesting iPhone 15 Features Most People MissedAlthough Apple’s ‘Wonderlust’ event was jam-packed with information about the Apple Watch, iPhone 15 and 15 Pro, and the USB-C AirPods Pro, the company still left out a lot of useful information in the keynote. If you’re wondering what else is worth knowing a…Now Anyone Can Play Music in Your Car, No Matter Who's Connected to CarPlayFor all of CarPlay’s perks, the one downside is it requires one phone to be connected at a time. For the most part, that’s just fine—except when a passenger wants to play music from their iPhone. Suddenly, a choice must be made: Attempt to find the song on th…Everything Apple Announced (September 2023): iPhone 15, iPhone 15 Pro, Apple Watch Series 9, Apple Watch Ultra, AirPods Pro 2The company debuted the iPhone 15, two new Apple Watches, new AirPods Pro, and some enhanced services.How to Choose Between an iPhone, Galaxy, or PixelWhen it comes to smartphones, there are three primary options that many tend to go with, at least here in the U.S.: Apple’s iPhone, Samsung’s Galaxy lineup, and Google’s Pixel devices. But choosing among these three smartphone models is easier said than done.…Your iPhone Can Now Find Your Apple TV RemoteThe Apple TV remote certainly has a sleek design, but that doesn’t always work in its favor. Its design makes the remote susceptible to slipping in tiny nooks and crannies in your couch, and it’s not easy to find once it’s misplaced. Sometimes, it’s easier to…The iPhone 15 Is Finally Getting USB-C. Here’s What That MeansAfter 11 years, Apple's Lightning connector is being replaced by USB-C in the iPhone 15.The new FineWoven iPhone cases are very badApple introduced new FineWoven cases for the iPhone 15, along with AirTag cases and MagSafe wallets. And folks: they’re bad. Here’s why you should skip Apple’s new premium $59 iPhone case.Apple's new FineWoven iPhone 15 MagSafe cases are already discountedApple’s iPhone 15
 lineup isn’t even out yet, but you can already save on the company's cases and other accessories for the devices, as well as earlier models. While there aren't enormous discounts in this sale on Amazon
, you'll be able to save a few bucks…The iPhone is getting new ringtonesThe iPhone is finally getting some new ringtones with iOS 17. As reported by 9to5Mac, the iOS 17 release candidate (RC) has a bunch of additional ringtones. iOS 17 comes out on September 18th.Everything announced at Apple's fall event: iPhone 15, USB-C, Apple Watch Series 9 and moreApple's 2023 iPhone event came and went almost in the blink of an eye. As always, the company had a bunch of new devices to show off during the "Wonderlust" showcase but thanks to long-standing rumors, there weren't too many major surprises. On the phone fron…Everything announced at today's Apple event: iPhone 15, USB-C, Apple Watch Series 9 and moreApple's 2023 iPhone event came and went almost in the blink of an eye. As always, the company had a bunch of new devices to show off during the "Wonderlust" showcase but thanks to long-standing rumors, there weren't too many major surprises. On the phone fron…Update your iPhone now to patch a major 'Pegasus' vulnerabilityApple has released a critical iOS 16 security update for iPhones and iPads to patch a particularly malicious bug that could allow a hacker to take over your device with no action on your part. The "zero-click, zero-day" exploit allows attackers to install NSO…What to expect at Apple’s ‘Wonderlust’ iPhone 15 eventApple’s latest fall iPhone event — “Wonderlust” — is nearly here. Four new iPhones and a couple of Apple Watch models are expected to take center stage when the company showcases its latest products. USB-C should be in the spotlight as Apple changes its charg…iPhone 15 Pro Max first impressions: Lights, camera, action buttonApple's iPhone 15 event today saw the company spend a lot of time (and money) talking about its "Apple 2030" vision for carbon neutrality and environmental responsibility. The irony is, Apple wants you to buy more iPhones, and to do so, it's introducing new m…Engadget Podcast: iPhone 15 event preview with Bloomberg's Mark GurmanIt wouldn’t be the end of summer if we weren’t gearing up for another iPhone launch! This week, Devindra and Cherlynn are joined by Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman, the purveyor of many Apple rumors, to discuss what we expect from the iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Pro. Bas…The Backbone One Android controller now supports iPhone 15The Backbone One has become a favorite mobile gaming controller for iPhone, Android and PlayStation over the last few years. Now, Backbone has announced that its beloved $100 controller (yes, even the Android-specific version!) will be compatible with the upc…Apple's switch to USB-C on the iPhone 15 brings more cable confusionThis week Apple introduced the iPhone 15
 and iPhone 15 Pro
 lines which include the long-awaited switch from the company’s proprietary Lightning Connector to USB-C. And while the move may have been motivated more by EU regulations
 than a desire to increa…The Morning After: Everything announced at Apple’s iPhone 15 eventFarewell Lightning cable. I will miss you when I inevitably get rid of all my cables, only to forget my MacBook wireless keyboard and trackpad still need you. Yes, the iPhone is going USB-C for 2023. That’s true across the iPhone 15, iPhone 15 Plus, iPhone 15…Assassin's Creed Mirage, Death Stranding and Resident Evil Village are coming to iPhone 15 ProThe iPhone 15 Pro is getting a performance boost thanks to a new chipset. That's not too much of a surprise since Apple upgrades its phones' components every year. One thing we didn't expect, however, is the games that the A17 Pro will be able to support. App…iPhone 15 Pro has a titanium case, an action button and USB-CToday at its annual fall iPhone event, Apple announced its next two flagship handsets in the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max. And while their overall design looks similar to last year's devices, there are a handful of interesting new features that could m…This Belkin 3-In-1 Magsafe Charger for iPhone is 32% Off Right NowThe Belkin 3-in-1 MagSafe Charger is a three-way charging stand that offers wireless charging for Apple devices, including the iPhone, Apple Watch, and certain AirPods. This charging stand typically runs for $150, but its on sale for $102 on Amazon right now—…Apple will release software update to address iPhone 12 radiation concernsApple is prepping a software update to address alleged radiation concerns regarding the three-year-old iPhone 12s after French regulators alleged that the phone exceeds proper radiation levels. France stopped selling the smartphones after recommendations from…iFixit has good news and bad news about the iPhone 15 Pro Max’s repairabilityiFixit has completed its teardown of the iPhone 15 Pro Max. It found that while the device has a more repairable design, software limitations make it more difficult to replace parts.The iPhone 12 Isn't the Only Phone to Fail France's Radiation TestSamsung, Motorola, and other phone makers have exceeded the limits that caused France to ban the iPhone 12. In fact, all phones emit radiation—should you be worried? Here’s everything you need to know.An early iPhone 15 Pro teardown looks inside Apple’s new flagship phoneA new teardown video from PBKreviews shows what’s on the inside of the iPhone 15 Pro. After PBKreviews carefully removes the display, it shows off the camera assembly, battery, and more.The iPhone 15 lineup has arrived, and here’s everything you need to know about itThe iPhone 15 and 15 Pro have officially launched. They offer some big upgrades over previous models, including a switch from Lightning to USB-C. Here’s our coverage.The iPhone 15 Pro can take 3D spatial videos for Vision Pro usersApple just teased an interesting feature for the just-announced iPhone 15 Pro line of smartphones. Thanks to the redesigned camera system and the addition of the powerful A17 Pro CPU,
 these phones can shoot 3D spatial videos and photos which can then be vie…The Morning After: Apple preps software update to address iPhone 12 radiation concernsApple is prepping a software update for the three-year-old iPhone 12s after French regulators alleged the phone exceeds proper radiation levels. France stopped selling the smartphone after recommendations from the country’s radiation watchdog (ANFR).The softw…Garmin Epix Pro (Gen 2) Review: Better Than AppleGarmin’s top-of-the-line outdoor watch is a great alternative to the Apple Watch Ultra, especially if you don’t have an iPhone.iPhone 15 Pro Max review: Apple makes a strong case for its biggest phone“Let’s charge the iPhone 15 Pro Max before going to bed,” I thought wearily after a long day at Apple Park. Even though the device, which I had just unboxed a few hours earlier, was still showing at least 80 percent left of juice, I wanted to make sure it did…Resident Evil Village’s iPhone port might launch a day before HalloweenCapcom lists an October 30th release date for Resident Evil Village for the iPhone 15 Pro and iPad on its US site.Apple used 'tetraprisms' to cram a 120mm lens into the iPhone 15 Pro MaxOne of the main benefits of Apple's "pro" iPhones is the camera rig, which somehow gets pretty significant improvements every year. The iPhone 15 Pro and 15 Pro Max are no exception. As they've done for several years now, both phones sport three-lens arrays, …iPhone 15 event: all the news on Apple’s new phonesApple’s next big event takes place on September 12th, 2023. During the event, Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 15, Watch Ultra 2, and more. Here’s all the news from the event.How to use StandBy mode on your lock screen in iOS 17Now that iOS 17 is out in the wild,
 consumers are getting hands-on time with many just-released iPhone features. One of the neater inclusions is the brand-new StandBy mode.
 This toolset transforms your lock screen into a myriad of useful widgets, like ala…Apple iPhone 15 Pro vs the competition: Clash of the camerasApple announced both the iPhone 15 and the iPhone 15 Pro during today's "Wonderlust" keynote event. Some of the numerousrumors about the new handsets have been confirmed, while others, like the possibility of an iPhone Ultra, didn't materialize. Like in years…The Best Labor Day Sales on MacBooks, AirPods and Apple WatchesAs Labor Day approaches, if you’re in need of large appliances or tech products—including TVs—it’s a good time to buy as many companies slash prices leading up to the holiday. You can even find deals on Apple products right now—here are some of the best.Read …iOS 17 is now availableiOS 17 is here. Apple has made the annual update available to all users on eligible devices, meaning you can install it right now without bothering with beta programs. The 2023 iPhone software update includes significant updates to Messages, FaceTime, the key…Here’s why Apple put a Thread radio in the iPhone 15 ProApple put a wireless smart home protocol in its latest iPhones, here’s why that matters and what it might be able to do for you.A super-simple way to organize your internetStarfield’s launch, a great camera app for the iPhone, the Quibi story, One Piece of Netflix, and more in this week’s Installer.Lightning was great, actuallyApple is finally moving on from the Lightning connector in iPhones, and even though it’s time for a change, Lightning was actually pretty great.iOS 17 will be available as a free update on September 18Apple held its annual iPhone event on Tuesday, dubbed "Wonderlust" for 2023. Alongside the new iPhone 15 and next generation Apple Watch, the company announced that iOS 17, which the new generation of devices will use, will be available as a free software upd…Engadget Podcast: Diving into the iPhone 15 and Apple Watch Series 9Fresh off of Apple’s “Wanderlust” event, Devindra and Engadget Editor-in-Chief Dana Wollman dive into the iPhone 15, iPhone 15 Pro and the Apple Watch Series 9. We explain why Apple’s move towards USB-C on the iPhones has been a long time coming, and why we’r…Google reveals the Pixel 8 design ahead of Apple’s iPhone eventAs the consumer tech world shifts its gaze towards Apple’s expected iPhone 15 launch next week, Google appears determined to make sure you don’t forget it has new Pixels in the pipeline. The company posted a sneak peek of the Pixel 8 and Pixel 8 Pro on YouTub…Apple Watch Series 9 can handle Siri requests without your iPhoneIt's September, which means the air is thick with the promise of fall, school is back in session, and Apple just revealed a new Apple Watch. This year, the company is showing off the Apple Watch Series 9. The Series 9 features a new processor, the S9 chip, an…Apple iPhone 15 vs the competition: Goodbye Lightning, hello USB-CAfter the usual flurry of rumors, we now know exactly what Apple is packing into the new iPhone 15. We also know models start at $799 and are up for pre-order starting this Friday with availability on September 22. The headline feature is the charging port: n…iOS 17 Has Security Risks AlreadyiOS 17 is a great update for your iPhone. It adds 20+ new ringtones and alert tones for this first time in a decade; lets you set up a full-screen Contact Poster that appears when you call other iPhones; and introduces video voice messages for FaceTime.Read m…A history of Apple making us buy new cablesApple will likely add USB-C to iPhone 15, making users buy new cables to replace their Lightning ones. Apple previously removed the 30-pin Dock Connector for iPod, FireWire, and other ports in favor of new standards.iCloud+ adds new 6TB and 12TB storage tiersApple snuck in a significant change to iCloud data storage near the end of its “Wonderlust” iPhone 15 event. The company added two new iCloud+ storage tiers: 6TB ($30 / month) and 12TB ($60 / month).The 6TB and 12TB cloud storage tiers join the existing 50GB,…This Anker Charger That Can Power All Your Devices Is 43% OffAs we carry more devices with us, we also need to lug around their respective cables and chargers. Thankfully, in recent years, there has been a surge of multi-power chargers—like Anker’s 736 Nano II, which can not only power your phone (including the new iPh…Apple will keep using Qualcomm's 5G tech in iPhones until at least 2026On the eve of Apple's big fall iPhone event
, Qualcomm announced it will continue to provide the company with 5G smartphone modems through 2026. It’s an indication that while Apple has successfully scaled up its chipset manufacturing efforts
 and ended its …Apple's AirPods Pro now come with a USB-C charging caseApple is switching from Lighting to USB-C for the port on the entire iPhone 15 lineup, but the company isn't stopping there. During today's Apple event, the company announced it would also be swapping out the wired charging jack on the second-generation AirPo…Apple's new AirPods Pro with USB-C charging case are already $50 offWith the big switch to USB-C on the iPhone 15, Apple also made the same change to its latest AirPods Pro wireless ANC headphones, with a USB-C charging case. They only just came out over a week ago, but you can already grab them on sale for $200 at Amazon — a…The Morning After: Facebook may offer paid ad-free plans in EuropeWould you be willing to pay for Facebook? Meta may add a paid subscription option to Instagram and Facebook for users in Europe, according to The New York Times. The ad-free tier addresses European Union (EU) regulations that have diminished some of Meta’s mo…Google taunts Apple again over its lack of RCS messaging supportGoogle has released a cheesy video advertising a fake “iPager” gadget in a jab at Apple for reverting iMessages texted to Android devices to old-fashioned SMS and MMS.Mophie has three Qi2 magnetic wireless chargers on the wayMophie announced three Qi2-compatible, 15W magnetic wireless smartphone chargers at IFA 2023. Apple hasn’t confirmed if the MagSafe-based Qi2 standard could mean faster third-party wireless charging for iPhones.You Need to Update Your iPhone, Right NowApple has just released a security update warning iPhone users to update their phones to iOS 16.6.1 to avoid becoming the target of a vicious malware attack.Read more...You May Need to Wait Until Late October to Receive Your New iPhone 15 Pro MaxIf you haven’t already pre-ordered Apple’s upcoming iPhone 15 set to drop Sept. 22, then you should know you could be waiting several weeks before your new phone comes directly to your door.Read more...Apple Watch Series 8 falls to $310 at AmazonThe Apple Watch Series 8 is on sale at Amazon again, and it has even reached a new low for certain colors. You can get the 41mm Series 8 with Midnight or Starlight aluminum cases and bands for $310, which is the lowest we've seen them go for at Amazon. The mo…The Best New Keyboard Features in iOS 17Your iPhone’s keyboard just got a lot better, thanks to a handful of updates that just shipped with iOS 17. Apple claims it improved many aspects of the keyboard that tend to be frustrating to use, such as autocorrect (thank goodness) including the ability to…You Can Get Dollar Flight Club for $60 Right NowYou can get a Premium Plus+ lifetime subscription to Dollar Flight Club on sale for $59.97 right now (reg. $1690) through Labor Day, September 4. The service helps save you from having to scour the web to find cheap flights. You just choose up to four departu…Apple’s Lightning connector was the first great port — and USB-C might be the lastApple is likely to announce a new smartphone with a USB-C port instead of the standard Lightning connector. It will be an improvement, but in Apple’s mind, the real future is MagSafe and wireless.The iPad Pro Could Get M3 Chips and OLED Screen Upgrades in 2024With all the hubbub surrounding the upcoming iPhone 15 this year and talk of next year’s MacBook Pros, what’s missing from the picture is any mention of the long-suffering iPad, specifically the iPad Pro. However, next year the tablet could finally receive up…The best October Amazon Prime Day early access deals for 2023No, the sale hasn't started yet. Amazon's second Prime-related event for 2023 is officially called Prime Big Deal Days and will happen October 10 and 11. This is the second year for a fall-based, site-wide Amazon sale and we're already seeing discounts pop up…iPhone 15 vs. iPhone 15 Plus vs. iPhone 15 Pro vs. iPhone 15 Pro Max: Which should you buy?The iPhone 15 series is now official, and there are plenty of upgrades to talk about, including USB-C charging. Here's everything you need to know about the latest iPhones.Apple to update iPhone 12 in France over radiationApple will update the phone in France but not elsewhere over what it says is "not a safety concern".iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Pro: Complete Weights and DimensionsThe iPhone 15 Pro is expected to feature a new midframe made from Grade 5 Titanium, resulting in a substantially lighter device overall. Mark Gurman recently said that the iPhone 15 Pro could be up to 10 percent lighter than the iPhone 14 Pro.





MacRumors …Video: iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Pro UnboxingApple's new iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Pro models are heading out to customers all over the world, including us here at MacRumors. Our videographer Dan Barbera just got his new iPhones in, and over on YouTube, he's unboxed the ‌iPhone 15‌, ‌iPhone 15 Pro‌, and ‌…Everything You Should Know About iOS 17iOS 17 is finally here, and I’ve spent a good deal of time with it over the past couple of weeks. Now that it’s out for the wider public, more and more people will be downloading the update to see what it’s all about. This time around, Apple focused more on m…Donald Mustard, head of Fortnite’s story, is leaving Epic and retiringDonald Mustard, chief creative officer at Epic Games, says he’s retiring later this month. He was behind Shadow Complex, Infinity Blade, Undertow, and of course, Fortnite’s story.Apple’s faster Haptic Touch is as close to a 3D Touch comeback as we’re gonna getiOS 17 has a new Haptic Touch duration accessibility setting that makes long-presses much more responsive and efficient than before.Apple Employees in France Move to Strike Ahead of iPhone 15 LaunchIn a world of increasing demand for labor rights, Apple store employees in France are looking to join in on the movement. Ahead of the launch of the iPhone 15 this week, French Apple staff have officially called for a strike to begin this Friday.Read more...Everything Announced at Apple's 'Wonderlust' EventBroadcasting from Apple Park in Cupertino, California, Apple CEO Tim Cook and other executives are taking the stage Tuesday to announce updates to the company’s major product lines. In the tradition of Apple’s September events—usually more hardware-focused th…Titanium iPhone 15 Pro Weighs 19 Grams Less Than iPhone 14 ProFor the iPhone 15 Pro and ‌iPhone 15 Pro‌ Max, Apple is using a new titanium frame rather than a stainless steel frame, which cuts down on weight. The ‌iPhone 15 Pro‌ and ‌iPhone 15 Pro‌ Max are approximately nine percent lighter than the iPhone 14 Pro and ‌i…How to Take Back Control of Your Photo and Video StorageApple's iCloud and Google Photos make file storage easy—as long as your memories stay on someone else's server. There's another way.'iPhone 15 Pro Max' Name Reportedly Confirmed, 'iPhone 15 Ultra' Not Expected This YearApple's highest-end iPhone this year will be named iPhone 15 Pro Max, instead of iPhone 15 Ultra, according to a report on Friday from Bloomberg's Mark Gurman. The other devices in the lineup will include the iPhone 15, iPhone 15 Plus, and iPhone 15 Pro.




…How Much Will the iPhone 15 Cost?Apple's new iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Pro models will be unveiled at the company's annual September event, which will be held this year on Tuesday, September 12. The question is, how much will they cost?





iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Plus

Like the iPhone 14 and…iPhone 15 Battery Capacities Revealed in Regulatory DatabaseApple does not advertise battery capacities for its new iPhone 15 lineup, but MySmartPrice has obtained this information from a Chinese regulatory database.





The Chinese regulatory listing reveals that the iPhone 15 has a 3,349mAh battery (rated capacity)…French iPhone 12 warning: European regulators examine alert on radiation levelsEuropean regulators assess possible health risks after France's decision to temporarily halt sales.Apple Showcases iPhone 15 Pro's Titanium Chassis in New AdApple today shared an ad for the iPhone 15 Pro, exclusively highlighting the new titanium finish of the devices.






The 38-second spot depicts a titanium fragment exploding into view and torpedoing through the Solar System towards the surface of the Earth…Apple Significantly Lowers Repair Fees for iPhone 15 Pro Models With Cracked Back GlassAs we reported last week, the iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max feature a more repairable internal design, with a redesigned frame that allows for the back glass panel to be easily removed from the devices. This change was first made to the iPhone 14 and iP…Google's more durable Pixel Watch 2 will be available for preorder October 4Apple's iPhone (and likely Apple Watch) event
 is right around the corner but Google desperately would love for you to remember that it will announce its own devices soon. Rather than just... holding its own event before Apple's, Google has instead decided t…Apple Lets Customers 'Get Ready' For iPhone 15 Launch With Pre-Order SetupFollowing the introduction of the iPhone 15, ‌iPhone 15‌ Plus, iPhone 15 Pro, and ‌iPhone 15 Pro‌ Max, Apple is letting customers prepare for pre-orders, which are set to begin on Friday, September 15 at 5:00 a.m. Pacific Time.





Prospective ‌iPhone 15‌ bu…Warning: Update Your iPhone 15 to iOS 17.0.2 Before Transferring Data From Another iPhoneIf you are unboxing an iPhone 15, iPhone 15 Plus, iPhone 15 Pro, or iPhone 15 Pro Max today, make sure to update the device to iOS 17.0.2 before transferring data to the device from another iPhone, or else you might encounter issues.





iOS 17.0.2 is only a…For All Mankind returns to Apple TV+ on November 10Apple TV+
 has some intriguing TV series on hand to keep you occupied this fall. Along with the return of The Morning Show and the debut of a show that features Godzilla
, the captivating For All Mankind
 is about to set sail on its fourth season. New epis…Google's Pixel 8 event is set for October 4thThe fall season of major tech events is ramping up and now we know when Google will host its big Pixel showcase. The next Made by Google event is set for October 4th at 1PM, and there's little doubt as to what the company plans to show off. "You're invited to…Pricing on iPhone 15 Pro Models Technically Didn't ChangeAhead of the launch of the iPhone 15 Pro models, there were rumors that said both devices would see a price increase. It was speculated that the ‌iPhone 15 Pro‌ could start at $1,099 and the ‌iPhone 15 Pro‌ Max could start at $1,199, which, as it turns out, i…The Morning After: Nintendo is reportedly showing off Switch sequel console to developersThere’s no denying Nintendo’s Switch, at 6.5 years, is reaching the end. Nintendo is (finally) gearing up for what’s next and was reportedly showing tech demos of its next-gen system to developers at Gamescom last month.According to Eurogamer, one of the Swit…iPhone 15 Models Have 'Completely Standard' USB-C Port Without Restrictions on AccessoriesApple's new iPhone 15, iPhone 15 Plus, iPhone 15 Pro, and iPhone 15 Pro Max are equipped with a "completely standard" USB-C port without any restrictions on cables or accessories, according to Ars Technica's Andrew Cunningham.





For previous iPhones with t…Apple chips made in the US still require assembly in Taiwan, report suggestsApple chief Tim Cook previously announced that the tech giant will be purchasing chips for its iPhones, Macs and other key products made in Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company's (TSMC) new factory in Phoenix, Arizona. It seemed like a huge win for the …Kuo: iPhone 15 Pro Max Seeing 'Robust' Demand, Shipping Estimates Extending Into NovemberThere has been "robust" demand for the iPhone 15 Pro Max since the device became available to pre-order on Friday, according to supply chain analyst Ming-Chi Kuo.





In a post on Medium today, Kuo said iPhone 15 Pro Max demand has outpaced iPhone 14 Pro Max…iPhone Mini Might Be Discontinued Following Apple Event This Week After Three-Year RunFans of smaller phones rejoiced when Apple introduced the iPhone 12 mini in 2020, followed by the iPhone 13 mini a year later. However, after nearly three years of availability, the end of the road might be near for the 5.4-inch device.





As noted by Bloom…Apple Adds Thread Networking Technology to iPhone 15 ProThe iPhone 15 Pro and ‌iPhone 15 Pro‌ Max include support for the Thread mesh networking protocol. Thread networking technology is listed as a new feature for the Pro models, but it is not included in the iPhone 15 and ‌iPhone 15‌ Plus. 





Apple says that …Here is Every iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Pro Case That Launched TodayApple's "Wonderlust" event has wrapped up, and with it we have a new generation of iPhones and Apple Watches. In this article, we're taking a look at all of the new case and accessories Apple has launched for the iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Pro.



iPhone 15 and …'Major Price Hike' Again Rumored for iPhone 15 Pro ModelsThe iPhone 15 Pro and ‌iPhone 15 Pro‌ Max could see a "major price hike" compared to their predecessors, according to DigiTimes' senior analyst Luke Lin.





While the iPhone 15 and 15 Plus are expected to maintain their pricing similar to the current models…iPhone 15 Models Feature New Setting to Strictly Prevent Charging Beyond 80%All of the iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Pro models feature a new battery health setting that prevents the devices from charging beyond 80% at all times when enabled, as confirmed by The Verge's Allison Johnson during a Q&A session today.





The new setting is se…